# About this application

This is a standalone test application that uses [SDS Recorder](https://github.com/ARM-software/SDS-Framework)
to record test input and output data.

This example is pre-configured for STMicroelectronics [STM32H735G-DK](https://www.st.com/en/evaluation-tools/stm32h735g-dk.html) board.

It uses the Ethernet interface to record the data on the host computer.

Test input data:
- test data generated by the application to simulate IMU sensor data

Test output data:
- test data generated by the application to simulate the ML output data

Examples of 7 seconds of recorded data are available in the `./SDS Recordings` subfolder,
which also contains the `.sds.yml` metadata files.

### Configuration

The application is configured by specifying the required bandwidth and the recording
interval in the file `DataTest.h`.

The recording bandwidth is specified in bytes/sec:

```c
#define TEST_BANDWIDTH          100000U
```

The loop interval is specified in milliseconds:

```c
#define TEST_INTERVAL           10U
```

The stream buffering of the SDS framework is automatically configured using these
configuration settings.

### Validation of recorded data

Recorded data can be viewed with the [SDS-View](https://github.com/ARM-software/SDS-Framework/tree/main/utilities/SDS-View)
utility program. This tool reads in the data and
outputs a time-based diagram. You must also provide the tool with a metadata description file
`<name>.sds.yml`.The recordings are processed and decoded based on the description in this file.

### Measuring the CPU load

The idle time is the time during which the CPU is not executing the application code. This means that it executes
the code of the idle thread, incrementing the `idle_cnt` counter. The code for incrementing the idle counter is located
in the `osRtxIdle_Thread`:

```c
__NO_RETURN void osRtxIdleThread(void *argument) {
  (void)argument;

  for (;;) {
    idle_cnt++;
  }
}
```

The counter is incremented for one second, then the idle factor is calculated as the ratio between the idle counter
and the evaluated idle counter for the system without load `no_load_cnt` and output on the debug console:

```c
if (++cnt == 10U) {
  cnt = 0U;

  printf("%d%% idle\n",(idle_cnt - prev_cnt) / no_load_cnt);
  prev_cnt = idle_cnt;
}
```

For a correct measurement, the loop interval must really be periodic, therefore the function `osDelayUntil` is used
to create time intervals in the measurement loop:

```c
timestamp = osKernelGetTickCount();
for (;;) {
   :
  timestamp += 100U;
  osDelayUntil(timestamp);
}
```
